beyonce:
	Beyoncé, American singer, songwriter, dancer, and actress, has been associated with popularizing feminism. Her feminism is deeply entertwined with her racial identity. She's one of the many black women who's work is having seismic impacts.

claudette:
A pioneer of the Civil Rights movement, in March 1955, at 15 years old, Claudette was arrested for refusing to give up her seat on a bus; nine months before Rosa Park was arrested for the same reasons. 
	
laverne cox:
	An actress and LGBTQ+ advocate, she became the first openly transgender person to win a Daytime Emmy as Executive Producer and have a wax figure made of herself at Madam Tussauds.
	
mlk:
	I have a dream. 
	An American Baptist minister and activist who became the most visible spokesperson and leader in the civil rights movement from 1954 through 1968, he received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1964 for his fight against racial inequality.

tarana
	Civil rights activist. She became the founder of the #MeToo movement in 2006, raising awareness of sexual assault in society. She was named Time's Person of the Year in 2017, among a group of other prominent feminists, "The Silence Breakers".
	
harriet:
A former slave, Harriet is known for rescuing seventy enslaved people using a network of anti slavery activists and safe houses, the Underground Railroad. After the American civil war she was an active participant in the struggle for women's suffrage.
	
Baldwin
	A queer novelist and social critic known for his collection of essays "Notes of a Native Son", which explore the intricacies of racial and sexual class distinctions in 20th century North America.

RuPaul:
	Drag queen, actor, model, singer, songwriter, TV personality. RuPaul has received two Primetime Emmys, and was included in the 2017 Time 100 list. RuPaul has revolutionized the portrayal of the LGBTQ+ community on TV. 

kaepernick:
	An American football Quarterback, in 2016 he became a national figure after protesting what he believed was racial injustice in the United States by not standing for the Nation Anthem. 

Mandela:
	South African anti-apartheid revolutionary, political leader, and philanthropist, Mandela was the first black President of South Africa.

Davis: 
	American Actress and producer, Viola Davis is the first black woman to be nominated for 3 Academy Awards, and the only black actor to achieve the Triple Crown of Acting (Emmy, Oscar, Tony). She was also named in Time’s 100 list twice. 

Woodson:
The “father of black history”, in February 1926 he launched the celebration “Negro History Week” to coincide with Lincoln and Douglass’ birthdays, and to celebrate the contributions African Americans made to society.
	
